README.md, before:

# glycopeptide-simple-search

> Simple glycopeptide search of dataset generated by combination of 
> tryptic peptides from human proteome with glycans from UniCarbDB

## Usage

1. Import polyfill:

    ```html
    <script src="bower_components/webcomponentsjs/webcomponents-lite.min.js"></script>
    ```

2. Import custom element:

    ```html
    <link rel="import" href="bower_components/glycopeptide-simple-search/glycopeptide-simple-search.html">
    ```

3. Start using it!

    ```html
    <glycopeptide-simple-search></glycopeptide-simple-search>
    ```

## Options

Attribute     | Options     | Default      | Description
---           | ---         | ---          | ---
`url`         | *string*    | `http://localhost:8080/search` | location of the datastore server
`masses`      | *string*    | ``           | query list of masses
`ppm`         | *number*    | 10           | default ppm tolerance

## Methods

Method        | Parameters   | Returns     | Description
---           | ---          | ---         | ---
`search()`    | None.        | Nothing.    | Filters masses from the query, submits the search list to glycopeptide-multi-result,
              |              |             | and executes the query for each mass individually.
`handleResponse()` | None.   | Nothing.    | Updates the glycopeptide-multi-result with new results after each query

## Development

In order to run it locally you'll need to fetch some dependencies and a basic server setup.

1. Install [bower](http://bower.io/) & [polyserve](https://npmjs.com/polyserve):

    ```sh
    $ npm install -g bower polyserve
    ```

2. Install local dependencies:

    ```sh
    $ bower install
    ```

3. Start development server and open `http://localhost:8080/components/glycopeptide-simple-search/`.

    ```sh
    $ polyserve
    ```

## History

For detailed changelog, check [Releases](https://bitbucket.org/pig-sib/glycopeptide-simple-search/releases).

## License

[MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

component was renamed from glycopeptide-simple-search to pepsweetener-simple-search

README.md, after:

# pepsweetener-simple-search

> Simple glycopeptide search of dataset generated by combination of 
> tryptic peptides from human proteome with glycans from UniCarbDB

## Usage

1. Import polyfill:

    ```html
    <script src="bower_components/webcomponentsjs/webcomponents-lite.min.js"></script>
    ```

2. Import custom element:

    ```html
    <link rel="import" href="bower_components/pepsweetener-simple-search/pepsweetener-simple-search.html">
    ```

3. Start using it!

    ```html
    <pepsweetener-simple-search></pepsweetener-simple-search>
    ```

## Options

Attribute       | Options     | Default      | Description
---             | ---         | ---          | ---
`url`           | *string*    | `http://localhost:8080/search` | location of the datastore server
`masses`        | *string*    | ``           | query list of exact masses or ions
`toleranceUnit` | *string*    | ppm          | default tolerance unit
`toleranceValue`| *number*    | 10           | default tolerance value
`glycanFilter`  | *object*    | {}           | object specifying presence and number of particular monosaccharides (optional)

## Methods

Method        | Parameters   | Returns     | Description
---           | ---          | ---         | ---
`search()`    | None.        | Nothing.    | Filters masses from the query, submits the search list to pepsweetener-multi-result,
              |              |             | and executes the query for each mass individually.
`handleResponse()` | None.   | Nothing.    | Updates the pepsweetener-multi-result with new results after each query

## Development

In order to run it locally you'll need to fetch some dependencies and a basic server setup.

1. Install [bower](http://bower.io/) & [polyserve](https://npmjs.com/polyserve):

    ```sh
    $ npm install -g bower polyserve
    ```

2. Install local dependencies:

    ```sh
    $ bower install
    ```

3. Start development server and open `http://localhost:8080/components/pepsweetener-simple-search/`.

    ```sh
    $ polyserve
    ```

## License

[MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
